README.md, before:

# Orb's Minimal Svelte Template

Last README update: Saturday, March 20, 2021.

A Svelte app template for bootstrapping deployments on Orb's HyperEdge.

**`yarn start`** spins up a development server on `PORT 3000`.

**`yarn build`** builds the application for production into the `/build` directory.

**`yarn serve`** serves a built application locally.

All source code is contained in the `/src` directory.

Deploy the app on Orb's HyperEdge at https://console.orbclouds.com.

---
## See This Repo In Action!

This repo serves as the starting point for all of the apps featured on [Orb's YouTube channel](https://yt.orbclouds.com?from=gh&id=NEED_TO_HAVE_AN_ID_HERE).

A number of live apps have been created using this repository, so you know it'll work 😉.

- LINK A FEW APPS HERE

---
## Overview of Technologies Used

This repository includes a few cool technologies to help you fly through development:

1. [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev), a lightning-fast frontend build tool, designed for the modern web.
2. [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/), radical new approach to building user interfaces which writes code that surgically updates the DOM when the state of your app changes.
3. [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), an open-source language which builds on JavaScript by adding static type definitions.
4. [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/), a tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript. Specifically, we make use of [Autoprefixer](https://autoprefixer.github.io/), a PostCSS plugin which parses your CSS and adds vendor prefixes.
5. [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com/), a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic, currently as a platform inside the Google Marketing Platform brand. **NOTE:** Google Analytics is only enabled in production by default. For obvious reasons, we did not commit our own Google Analytics Property IDs. We normally inject them as `ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE`s and you can do the same using `dotenv`, which is already configured by default and works out-of-the-box in this repo. For example, create a `.env` file in the root directory of this repo like this:

```
SNOWPACK_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID=XXXXXXXXXX
```

The code in this repository was auto-formatted by [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), an opinionated code formatter. [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) was also very helpful!

---

## The Goals of This Repo

This repo was created as a resource for the team at Orb to rapidly develop front-ends of all kinds. We thought it would be a useful resource for everyone to use as well.

*The goal is to share a cool repository that we have found useful internally.*

If you believe that there is a tool which could add something to this repository, please let us know! We're always happy to hear from you and learn about new technologies.

---

## Get In Touch

Have a thought? Think we missed something? [Let us know!](https://www.orbclouds.com/get-in-touch) There are also many other ways to get in touch with us:

[🌐 Our Website](https://www.orbclouds.com)

[▶️ Our YouTube](https://yt.orbclouds.com?from=gh&id=NEED_AN_ID_FOR_THIS)

[📸 Our Instagram](https://ig.orbclouds.com?from=gh&id=NEED_AN_ID_FOR_THIS)

[🐦 Our Twitter](https://twitter.orbclouds.com?from=gh&id=NEED_AN_ID_FOR_THIS)

[🇫 Our Facebook](https://fb.orbclouds.com?from=gh&id=NEED_AN_ID_FOR_THIS)

[🎶 Our TikTok](https://tiktok.orbclouds.com?from=gh&id=NEED_AN_ID_FOR_THIS)

Commit message:

done
added svelte-routing types and checking for null in render

remove comments

move dotenv to devdeps

remove svelte-check, using svelte for vscode instead

remove loadable

unignore build

add ga

ga only in prod

readme finalized with IDs

done

fix sitemap changefreq

remove sitemap

add link to notes

fix ga

new prettier settings

format with prettier

add week 2 apps

README.md, after:

# Orb's Minimal Svelte Template

Last README update: Saturday, March 20, 2021.

A Svelte app template for bootstrapping deployments on Orb's HyperEdge.

**`yarn start`** spins up a development server on `PORT 3000`.

**`yarn build`** builds the application for production into the `/build` directory.

**`yarn serve`** serves a built application locally.

All source code is contained in the `/src` directory.

Deploy the app on [Orb's HyperEdge](https://console.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3).

---

## See This Repo In Action

This repo serves as the starting point for all of the apps featured on [Orb's YouTube channel](https://yt.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3).

A number of live apps have been created using this repository, so you know it'll work 😉.

- [Notes](https://github.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=606017e208e440587e87d7c4), a note-taking app deployed [here](https://apps.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=60661b6092b45e0abe0e055c)
- [Calendar](https://github.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=60601e9708e440587e87d7c7), a calendar app deployed [here](https://apps.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=60661c3c92b45e0abe0e055d)
- [Whiteboard](https://github.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=6060212a08e440587e87d7ca), a whiteboard app deployed [here](https://apps.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=60661c5892b45e0abe0e055e)
- [To-Do](https://github.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=606be7f8ab35fd6d45a1a589), a whiteboard app deployed [here](https://apps.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=606be7dcab35fd6d45a1a588)
- [Stopwatch](https://github.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=606b4f16d416365a7d038766), a whiteboard app deployed [here](https://apps.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3&to=606b4f4ad416365a7d038769)

---

## Overview of Technologies Used

This repository includes a few cool technologies to help you fly through development:

1. [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev), a lightning-fast frontend build tool, designed for the modern web.
2. [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/), radical new approach to building user interfaces which writes code that surgically updates the DOM when the state of your app changes.
3. [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), an open-source language which builds on JavaScript by adding static type definitions.
4. [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/), a tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript. Specifically, we make use of [Autoprefixer](https://autoprefixer.github.io/), a PostCSS plugin which parses your CSS and adds vendor prefixes.
5. [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com/), a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic, currently as a platform inside the Google Marketing Platform brand. **NOTE:** Google Analytics is only enabled in production by default. We normally inject Property IDs as `ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE`s and you can do the same using `dotenv`, which is already configured by default and works out-of-the-box in this repo. For example, create a `.env` file in the root directory of this repo like this:

```env
SNOWPACK_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID=XXXXXXXXXX
```

The code in this repository was auto-formatted by [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), an opinionated code formatter. [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) was also very helpful!

---

## The Goals of This Repo

This repo was created as a resource for the team at Orb to rapidly develop front-ends of all kinds. We thought it would be a useful resource for everyone to use as well.

*The goal is to share a cool repository that we have found useful internally.*

If you believe that there is a tool which could add something to this repository, please let us know! We're always happy to hear from you and learn about new technologies.

---

## Get In Touch

Have a thought? Think we missed something? [Let us know!](https://www.orbclouds.com/get-in-touch?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3) There are also many other ways to get in touch with us:

[🌐 Our Website](https://www.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3)

[▶️ Our YouTube](https://yt.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3)

[📸 Our Instagram](https://ig.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3)

[🐦 Our Twitter](https://twitter.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3)

[🇫 Our Facebook](https://fb.orbclouds.comid=6060168408e440587e87d7c3)

[🎶 Our TikTok](https://tiktok.orbclouds.com?id=6060168408e440587e87d7c3)
